Add note about updating cogs to update message and docs (#4910)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/update_red.rst

4. Start your bot.

> 5. If you've installed some cogs, we highly recommend you update them with this command in Discord: ``[p]cog update``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you have any 3rd-party cogs installed, we highly recommend you update them with this command in Discord: ``[p]cog update`` (``[p]`` is considered as your prefix)
```

4. Start your bot.

> 5. If you've installed some cogs, we highly recommend you update them with this command in Discord: ``[p]cog update``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you have any 3rd-party cogs installed, we highly recommend you update them with this command in Discord: ``[p]cog update`` (``[p]`` is considered as your prefix)
```
